suggest R Markdown hunks approach for README and vignette (#161)
ropensci/dev_guide: pkg_building.Rmd

* The package should contain top-level documentation for `?foobar`, (or ``?`foobar-package` `` if there is a naming conflict). Optionally, you can use	both `?foobar` and ``?`foobar-package` `` for the package level manual file, using `@aliases` roxygen tag. `usethis::use_package_doc()` adds the template for the top-level documentation.

> * The package should contain at least one vignette providing a substantial coverage of package functions, illustrating realistic use cases and how functions are intended to interact. If the package is small, the vignette and the README can have the same content. In that case, instead of copy pasting whole parts of the README, we [suggest the approach of using R Markdown hunks, relying on knitr use of child documents so you can store the re-used parts in a folder in vignettes/, and call them from both the README and the vignette](https://www.garrickadenbuie.com/blog/dry-vignette-and-readme/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The package should contain at least one vignette providing a substantial coverage of package functions, illustrating realistic use cases and how functions are intended to interact. If the package is small, the vignette and the README may have very similar content. In that case, instead of maintaining these separately, we suggest an approach such as [using R Markdown hunks, relying on knitr use of child documents so you can store the re-used parts in a folder in vignettes/, and call them from both the README and the vignette](https://www.garrickadenbuie.com/blog/dry-vignette-and-readme/). 
```
